Should probably use a 4-iron here.
but. whatever.
Nice drive.
Thanks.
You're from the Souter Group. right?
Cecilia?
Yes. I'm. Senior Vice President at Souter.
Cecilia Vanderwalle.
Vanderwalle. That's what I thought.
I'm Paula Sanders.
I know someone who works for you.
Is that right?
Dennis O'Neill.
We have a lot to talk about.
I want a cat That's cute like that
I want a cat That's cute like that.
Kitty. meow. meow Kitty. meow. meow.
Kitty. meow. meow Kitty…
Hi. this is Paw You Need Is Love Groomers.
We just sent you a video
of Chester's spa day.
Your sweetie is ready
to be picked up any time.
See you soon.
I'm sorry.
I don't know who you're talking about.
You know Dennis O'Neill.
You work with him.
Brian. is there a Dennis O'Neill
at the office?
I'm sure he wasn't on your payroll.
He probably didn't have his own cubicle
or play shortstop on the softball team.
He blackmailed people into doing things
that would directly benefit your clients.
Okay. let's get security. okay?
Listen. I'm just trying to
play some golf here. Okay?
One of the guys
that Dennis used to get the dirt.
he got really greedy
and he pulled his own
little blackmail scheme on me.
Dennis killed him and his accomplice.
and then I got arrested for both murders.
Wow. this… I mean. this is.
like. really out there.
I'm gonna wrap this up quickly
because the golf police are coming.
Amagansett zoning laws. a bauxite mine.
the patent for a pizza yeast
that was owned
- by the Northeastern Food group.
- Okay.
We do work with Northeastern
and. yes. we've been involved
with several mining groups.
- Exactly.
- These are clients.
Souter is a global risk advisement firm.
We don't break the law.
We are in the truth business
for our clients.
- Okay? Excuse me.
- Okay. look.
I know what you do
and I know what Dennis did for you.
I am very good at finding the facts.
We have a trust building exercise
in an hour
and I still have
to play the back nine. so…
My God. You're right.
You're right.
I know it's true. but I have no proof.
Souter Group is totally untouchable.
But you're not.
You have a son.
Blake?
- What are you talking about?
- He plays lacrosse. doesn't he?
My kid plays soccer.
I mean. I hate the sport.
but I coach the team because you know. we…
There's nothing we won't do
to make our kids happy. right?
But you crossed the line
when you got Dennis O'Neill
to bribe an admission's officer
to get your son into Yale.
And that… that I can prove.
I can make your life very fucking messy.
Yeah. I mean.
you might not go to jail
like that cute lady from Full House.
but he would definitely lose
his place at his dream school.
- Really?
- Yeah.
That's her.
Let's not make a scene. guys.
Dennis O'Neill killed those people.
not me.
Get me exonerated. Completely exonerated.
You said you're in the truth business.
How's this for truth?
You fucked with the wrong mom!
You need to leave.
- All right. I'm leaving.
- Call security.
What do we got?
Gunshot wound. Vitals are holding.
He come around yet?
Not yet. Let's see if we can wake him.
Hey. Dennis.
- What's happening?
- You're doing great.
What's happening?
You're doing great.
Really improving.
I remember you.
Think you're strong enough
to get a little fresh air?
I thought you'd never ask.
We really need to get you back to work.
Three. two. one…
There you go. Hold your…
Facts? You want facts?
Yeah. I'm great with facts.
So. it started with Trevor.
He was a cam boy that I met.
There was a lot of chemistry.
- And we started talking…
- Okay.
- What's up. Bri?
- Jen-Jen. where are you?
Somewhere safe.
Good.
What happened in the forest… no bueno.
I'm getting a ton of flak from up top.
Yeah. it was unavoidable.
I'll still clean up the Paula problem.
Good. Heard you flambéed the Prius. Smart.
You need new transportation?
Yeah. Yeah. that would help.
All right. I'll get you a car
to the Yonkers spot.
I'll text you when it's ready.
We're deploying every asset on this one.
We're gonna do whatever it takes.
Would you like to try standing up?
There you go.
Three. two. one…
Try taking a few steps.
Not bad for a guy
who just got shot in the face?
No. no. no. no. No!
Not like this!
I always dreamed of
a life full of love and happiness.
I guess the gods had other ideas.
I. Dennis O'Neill.
confess to the murders of my boyfriend.
Jeff Thorwald. and Samuel Frazier.
They betrayed me. shattered me.
I tried to live with the memory
of what I did.
but "after such knowledge.
what forgiveness?"
Maybe in the next life. I'll find happiness.
- Hello?
- Until then…
- Goodbye.
- What?
Hazel.
Mom!
You get to stay at my place today.
- Really? Yay!
- Yes!
Yes. we're gonna watch a movie in bed.
We're gonna have dinner in bed.
We're gonna have so many chicken fingers.
- What about french fries?
- French fries. yes.
- Yeah.
- Curly. crinkle. regular. truffle…
- And waffle fries!
- Waffle fries!
I love how you think!
My God. Come here.
You are the smartest girl on the planet.
You're the best and the bravest
and the funniest and the dumbest
- and the goofiest.
- Mom!
And I love you so much.
It's literally disgusting.
Mommy.
Mom.
Where were you?
Mom! Okay. I missed you too.
but I wanna go play.
Okay. okay. okay. Go play.
Hey. Paula!
- Hey.
- Hi!
- Thanks for meeting me so soon.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I'm really glad
this nightmare's over for you.
God. I can't imagine.
So. what happened?
This guy just killed himself and. what.
confessed to all the murders...
Yeah. I mean. that's what they told me.
But all that matters is
they've dropped all the charges
and everybody knows that I'm innocent.
Hey. I'm happy for you.
Thanks. thanks. yeah.
I just wanna move on. you know.
So. on that note. the hearing tomorrow.
Now that I'm in the clear.
I think we should discuss
the custody thing because obviously...
We probably shouldn't
be talking about that here. right?
- It's a lot of kids.
- It's okay.
Full custody. you still wanna do that?
I'm with Mallory. I don't think
we should talk about it here.
Okay. I've asked you a question.
What? You're asking me
about the custody right here?
Yes. 'cause it's tomorrow.
I hate what happened to you.
but that doesn't change
- what's happening with us. obviously.
- Okay. but it should. right?
- I don't wanna argue with you.
- I'm not.
I'm not getting in this loop with you
right now.
Okay. we're doing what we think is best.
just like you. Okay?
Please. Have fun tonight.
Okay. Bye. Haze!
Bye. Hazel!
- Bye. Dad! Bye. Mal!
- Hi. Hazel!
- Why aren't we trending?
- What?
TMZ hasn't called. No Timmy Chalamet DM.
My TikTok has zero new followers somehow.
Are you a tween girl?
What are you talking about?
I'm just saying. like.
we should be getting some love
for exonerating Paula.
You know. public commendation.
maybe they. like.
name a micro-park after us.
I don't know. I'm just spit ballin'.
Paula was saved by a random suicide.
We actually did nothing.
We did nothing? We did stuff.
And now we're just. like. unsung heroes.
Fuck. I want to be a sung hero.
Well. Back to being irrelevant.
At least we had a good time though.
It was fun hanging out
outside of work. right?
Okay.
I was up all night studying
for the dumb-ass LSATs.
so I'll grab us coffee?
- Yes. thanks.
- Yeah.
Drew. what's up
with all the top secret shit?
You writing a new article or…
Good talk.
So. we walked into the room
and we saw Ms. Russo and Mr. Chan kissing!
It was so gross.
My God.
You know that Ms. Russo
and Mr. Chan are married?
- Wait? What?
- Yeah.
- No!
- Did I blow your mind?
That's disgusting. Yes. you did.
Mommy. I'm starting to get tired.
Can we please finish it tomorrow?
- Tomorrow.
- Yeah.
Okay.
But will you stay and snuggle. Hazelface?
We can have a slumber party.
- Okay.
Good night to the movie.
- Good night. Mommy.
- Good night.
All rise.
Family Court of Kings County
New York is now in session.
Honorable Judge Narleski presiding.
We're here to consider
the custody arrangements
in the matter of Hendricks versus Sanders.
Let's proceed.
I'm a fact checker at The Margin magazine.
My design work is virtual.
so I can be anywhere.
I just got promoted
to head of the department.
And so when Mallory was offered Boise.
I just thought it was perfect.
Her school? I'm very involved.
I coach the soccer team.
We'll have a pool there. a big yard.
Hazel's excited to learn how to ski.
Yeah. we tried to make it work. I mean. I…
I tried.
I was growing up.
Paula wasn't.
And at some point we grew apart.
It's kind of like when…
like. watching your lawn die.
And I…
I fell in love with somebody else.
One day you notice a little bit of brown
and then the next day. it's all dirt.
But. look. I love my daughter very much.
and I want her to have an amazing life.
And. really.
that's what this is all about for me.
It's about Hazel.
Yeah. Hazel's my entire life.
I would do anything for her.
Except. it seems. move to Idaho.
So. you were recently arrested
for double homicide. correct?
Okay. I was exonerated.
Congratulations.
How does a loving mom like you
get mixed up with murderers
and sex workers anyway?
Objection. Relevance.
Overruled.
It was just online.
Online.
So. you had a relationship
with a sex worker from your house.
Did you ever do that
when Hazel was around?
Maybe.
But she was asleep.
Your Honor. parents have sex
when their kids are asleep.
State an objection or wait your turn.
Mr. Warwick.
So. just to clarify. when you were
masturbating with the paid stranger
who was involved in a double homicide.
your third grader was sleeping.
It wasn't like that.
And what about when you killed
Caleb Jackson in Portland?
That was a terrible accident.
Yeah. but Hazel was in the car. correct?
She was in the back seat
with her headphones on. asleep.
She didn't hear anything.
She didn't see anything.
She doesn't know anything about that.
I guess we're just lucky
that she's such a deep sleeper. right?
You know. I was just wondering.
had you been drinking
before you ran over Caleb?
Objection. No criminal charges were filed.
Badgering. Relevance.
And in general.
you're just being an ass. Scott.
None of that. Mr. McKinnon.
Look. I'm just trying to show
what kind of choices she makes as a mom.
And what kind of role model she is. right?
A history of reckless behavior
is definitely relevant. but withdrawn.
Let's get back to the cam boy.
Did Hazel know about him?
You're under oath.
Isn't it true that she talked to him?
Yeah. One time. yeah.
On the phone. One. yeah.
One time. On the phone. With a sex worker.
Well. from what I heard from her father.
that one time.
on the phone. third grader.
with a sex worker.
that was traumatic enough.
I'm done here.
I'm the only mother in this room.
- The only one.
- You don't have to…
You want to know what
the reasons for my actions are?
Sure. why not?
When my marriage ended. it destroyed me.
I was a wreck. I…
But I had a kid.
so. I couldn't be a wreck. you know.
I wasn't gonna meet some guy
at the farmers' market or at a book club.
So. I went online for some companionship.
like. I could schedule that between
school pickups and work deadlines.
You know. do you think that was optimal?
Do you think that was my life plan?
It was fucking survival.
You know. Hazel is not just some kid.
She grew inside me.
We were one person.
We shared blood. We shared oxygen.
We were totally connected in every way.
So I know. I know what she needs.
She needs to be here with her friends.
She needs to be here
with the shitty soccer team.
And that tae Kwon do place
that overcharges us.
I know this.
She needs to continue to grow with me.
I know that because Hazel and I
are still connected.
We…
Nothing you say here can change that.
Our bond is unbreakable.
That was beautiful.
But love isn't enough.
Her life would be better with her father.
I think we can all see that.
We'll take a short recess.
- I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Yeah.
Why couldn't you just take the deal.
Paula. and just come to Boise with us?
Why can't you compromise just a little?
All right. everyone. it's time to resume.
This is a complicated situation.
Hazel has a wonderful life
waiting for her in Boise.
And I'm inclined to rule in your favor.
Mr. Hendricks.
However. you two had a prior agreement.
Ms. Sanders has done nothing
to violate that.
In fact. despite the turmoil she endured.
she remained a mother Hazel could rely on.
So the court has a difficult decision.
My ruling. taking everything into account.
is to maintain custody
as currently agreed upon.
Hazel will remain in New York.
where her parents resided
at the time of the agreement.
This matter is adjourned.
You have a three-cupcake limit.
This is only two.
How happy are you right now?
I am…
My face hurts from smiling.
Yeah. like a beauty pageant contestant.
like one of those weird.
creepy junior ones…
My gosh.
- Congratulations.
- Don't puke in my kitchen.
I'm really glad
that everything worked out.
Thank you. Yes. Me too.
Thanks both of you for… Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't understand
the Dennis suicide thing.
- What?
- 'Cause didn't you say
you shot him in the face and killed him?
Really? You wanna talk about this here?
Right now?
I thought I could whisper it.
that it would be okay.
Yeah. I mean. yeah. I did.
I thought I shot him.
I did shoot him.
and I thought he was dead.
- What do we think happened?
- Okay. just stop. Just stop.
- Paula!
- Fuck!
You were amazing today.
Thank you.
Thanks for sticking by me.
You're…
You're a good lawyer.
but you're a really. really great guy.
I'll take it.
Would it be inappropriate for me to ask
if any of your friends need
a divorce attorney?
Very much so.
- My God! What service. Thank you.
- Cheers.
You having fun?
Yeah. it's. like. the best
exoneration party I've ever been to.
And I went to
a lot of the January 6th ones.
- I knew you looked familiar.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Hey. I was thinking.
what about dinner? Saturday?
Can I try something?
Yeah. sure.
Yeah. Yeah. Saturday works.
Yeah. hello. Come on in. It's open.
Do you have a minute?
All done. Sunny skies ahead.
What do you want?
Detective Baxter. my partner. was shot.
The woman who did it was the fake lawyer
who visited you in jail.
Jesus Christ.
Your exoneration.
Dennis's confession. his suicide.
with cause of death so obvious
they didn't even autopsy the spaghetti.
it's all too convenient.
Yeah. I don't wanna talk to you. okay?
I'm celebrating.
And you fucking put me in jail.
I have a hunch.
You know something.
I don't know anything
that makes any sense.
I don't. I know that I'm gonna go in there
and I'm gonna feed my kid cupcakes
and I'm gonna go to work on Monday.
And I know that I'm going to
maybe go on a date. okay.
But I'm dropping everything else.
- Paula!
- Maybe you should too.
- You know what? Best of luck.
- You know something. This isn't over.
I don't like this guy for Paula.
I don't know. Seems like he'd be able to
fix a flat and find a G-spot. you know.
Those are the two basic knowledge buckets.
It's very rare that they overlap.
Most women can do both themselves.
- Fair.
- How were the LSATs?
I probably did great.
Actually. I'm thinking
about becoming a paralegal.
Yeah. my buddy Kai says it sucks.
but his company gets Knicks tickets. so…
So you're really bailing on me?
Yeah. well. if I'm gonna be a lawyer.
it kinda fits my brand narrative.
Sorry. Ger-Bear. but there comes a time
when it is every man for himself.
Wow.
Baby big bird is leaving the nest.
Yeah. afraid so.
Hey. should we get out of here?
I could buy you a good luck cocktail.
Yeah. I would love that.
Let's do that. Let's…
Let's sneak out of here
without saying goodbye.
Yes.
Yeah. Can you handle it?
Hey. let's go to a bar
near my place. okay?
Okay.
No. Not like that. I just…
Vi is coming by at 10:00.
Sorry.
Vi?
The selfish B-word who you said
that you would never talk about again?
Yeah. Yeah. we're kind of back on. so…
You're shitting me.
It literally just happened.
I think being a hero helped.
Which you forced me to do. by the way.
So it's really thanks to you
that we're together again.
Yay. me.
Yeah. sure. We can go wherever.
Hey. what kind of moisturizer do you use?
Your hands are like butter.
That's funny.
- Hey.
- Thanks for coming down.
Here's her stuff.
- All right. Is that it?
- Great.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Can we talk for a sec?
- Please?
- My God.
We talked so much in court.
I know and I'm sorry about that.
I didn't think Scott was gonna go there.
and that's the truth.
I thought what he did to you
was unnecessary.
- I think he went too far.
- It was fucking cruel.
It fucking sucked. and I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- So what now?
I guess that's up to you.
I mean. when do you move to Boise?
I don't know. Soon. But…
I didn't think I was gonna lose.
so I got a lot I have to figure out
about logistically how to make this work
'cause I don't know
what the plan's gonna be.
What do you think?
I think that…
I'm Hazel's mom. not yours.
And I think you should figure it out.
I understand. I think what I'm doing
is I'm just asking for you for
a little bit of help logistically here.
I just… I think you need
to tighten your shit up. Karl.
Paula.
- Paula.
- Bye. Karl.
Shit.
Am I in hell?
Worse. You're in Queens.
I picked something up for you.
Hey. little man.
Damn. the cat spa got you looking sexy.
Thanks. G.
Thanks for not being dead.
By the way…
Someone popped the bitch who shot you.
Is that someone the size of a garden gnome
and do they have
an adorable Filipino accent?
I have no idea who did it or why.
Get better fast
because we're going to figure it out.
Fuck it. Every man for himself.
My God.
Nope.
Stop avoiding me.
Move! Fucking move!
I'm not fucking going away.
Talk to me or maybe I'll start talking.
How would you like that?
- What?
- Get out of the fucking way.
I vouched for you.
What are you. fucking dumb?
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
You wanted this. remember?
Fuck you!
Hello?